U.A. High School's hero course.
A training school for those
whose goal is to acquire
the necessary qualifications needed
for pro heroes.
Among similar courses
across the country.
theirs is the most popular
and most competitive.
and their acceptance rate is less than
one in three hundred every year.
The hero who refused
a National Honor Award…
The number one hero. All Might.
The hero who resolved
the most incidents in history…
The Fiery Hero. Endeavor.
The winner of the Best Jeanist award
eight years in a row…
Best Jeanist.
Graduating from U.A. is a requirement
for becoming a great hero.
And so. I also tackled
the U.A. entrance exam.
I will take
the first step toward my dream
of becoming a hero!
U.A. HIGH SCHOOL HERO COURSE
ENTRANCE EXAM LOCATION
BATTLE CENTER B
What is this?
It's like a city!
They have more than one of these
on the school grounds?
U.A.'s amazing!
As it says
in the application requirements.
you listeners will be conducting
ten-minute mock urban battles after this!
Three different types of faux villains
are stationed in each battle center.
You earn points for each of them
based on their level of difficulty.
Your goal. dear listeners.
is to use your Quirks
to earn points by immobilizing
the faux villains.
Mock battles…
How can everyone be so confident?
Aren't they nervous?
They even have equipment
to go with their Quirks…
Oh. it's the person I met
at the school gates! The nice person!
She was assigned
to the same battle center. huh?
Oh yeah. I have to thank her for earlier.
He's here. too?
That girl appears to be trying to focus.
What are you doing here?
Are you taking the entrance exam
to interfere with everyone else?
No. of course not…
That guy's the one who was about to trip
in front of the school gates. right?
The one who winced
after being called out.
At the very least. we have one less rival
to worry about. huh?
Lucky for us.
I feel like the others think
they lucked out because I'm here…
Okay. start!
What's wrong?
There are no countdowns in real fights!
Run. run!
The die has been cast. you know!
Huh? Huh?
What?
I'm behind already!
EPISODE FOUR: START LINE
I'm behind.
Calm down. It's fine!
I have All Might with me.
DAGOBA MUNICIPAL BEACH PARK
All right! You swallowed the hair. right?
I don't feel any different. though.
Of course not!
What do you think the stomach does?
Well. you'll feel something
in two or three hours.
I'm so nervous…
I need to hurry back. take a shower.
and eat breakfast.
You have become a proper vessel.
but it was one
that was made in a hurry.
You didn't even get
to take it for a test drive.
Prepare yourself for the physical
repercussions it'll have on your body.
Huh?
I don't have time to explain in detail.
so I'll just tell you this.
When you use my Quirk. One For All.
squeeze your buttocks
and yell this inside your heart:
"S…"
One point!
Target acquired. I'll kill you!
It's coming!
Why can't I move?
Idiot. why?
Thanks for distracting it!
A laser?
Merci !
We made a good team.
But I don't think we'll meet again.
Adieu !
We won't meet again?
Six minutes and two seconds left!
Oh no! Oh no!
Points…
I need points fast!
The nice person!
Release!
That's 28 points!
What? 28?
Forty-five points!
Forty-five?
That's 32!
That one's mine! Don't take it!
It's first-come. first-served!
The number of enemies
is decreasing fast!
Oh no!
In this practical exam.
the examinees have not been informed
of the number of villains
or their locations.
They have a limited amount
of time in a vast area.
They have to draw the villains out
from there.
Information gathering ability
to understand
the situation before anyone else.
Mobility that can be used
in many different circumstances.
Discernment to be able
to stay calm in any situation.
And pure combat ability.
These basic abilities needed
to keep the peace in the streets
are turned into points in this test.
Doesn't this year's group look promising?
Well. we can't know for sure yet.
Their true test is still to come.
An obstacle
that will go crazy in narrow spaces.
I recommend
that you listeners try to avoid it.
Isn't it a little too big?
An overwhelming threat.
How people act after they've seen this
shows their true nature.
This isn't funny! I have to run away!
I'll get points as I run…
Shoot. I'm still at zero points!
Less than two minutes left!
Two minutes?
It'll be wasted.
Everything All Might gave me
will be wasted!
Ow!
It'd be bad luck if you fell. right?
There is absolutely no merit
in taking on that faux villain.
But that creates the opportunity
for it to shine brightly…
…and rise to the surface.
Squeeze your buttocks
and yell this inside your heart:
Smash!
That's right.
It rises to the surface.
The most important
qualification of a hero…
The spirit of self-sacrifice!
The conditions are the same
as when I tried
to save Kacchan.
But it's different. This time…
One minute left!
Wait. this is All Might's power.
I'm able to jump this high now.
Landing should be
a piece of cake…
"Break"?
You have become a proper vessel.
but it was one that was made in a hurry.
Prepare yourself for the physical
repercussions it'll have on your body.
Oh yeah! I'm such an idiot!
A mere ten months
was just barely enough time.
I can just barely hold
this borrowed power.
I was being conceited for a second!
I've only been given the right
to stand at the start line!
Think! What to do? What to do?
Detroit Smash!
If I aim that move at the ground!
Both my legs and my right arm are broken.
I only have my left arm!
And the timing…
If I'm too early or too late. I'll die!
Even if I succeed.
I still won't have any points!
If I break my left arm.
there's no way I'll pass!
Release…
I'm safe…
No. she saved me.
Is she all right?
She looks uninjured. at least.
I'm so glad…
And…
Thank you!
If I can just get one point…
Time's up!
What was that guy?
He suddenly jumped at the obstacle.
He seemed to have a reinforcement-type
Quirk. but that was unusual…
But if he had such an amazing Quirk.
what kind of life did he live
that made him so jumpy?
Maybe he was acting to trick others?
But it doesn't look like
he gained anything from doing so.
Anyway. there's no mistaking
that he's an amazing guy.
They're missing the point.
Didn't they see?
He jumped out to save that girl.
He was aware of the remaining time.
his own safety.
and the points he needed to pass…
And even so. he did not hesitate at all!
If we had not been in an exam…
of course. I would have done the same!
Wait. "Exam"? "Of course"?
Wait a minute.
Okay. good work.
Good work. good work.
Here you go. Here are some gummies.
Eat some gummies.
Thanks.
Yes. yes. you. too.
Thanks…
That mademoiselle
is the backbone of U.A.
Oh dear. you were hurt
this much by your own Quirk?
It's as if his body is not used
to his Quirk yet.
Kiss!
OLD LADY!
What was that?
U.A. High's licensed school nurse.
The Youthful Heroine. Recovery Girl!
Her Quirk is the super-activation
of healing ability.
U.A. can only go through with such
a reckless entrance exam because of her.
Let's finish this quickly.
Is anyone else injured?
I see!
If this exam is set up like that…
Then he's…
ONE WEEK LATER
Izuku?
Izuku? Izuku?
Hey. are you all right?
Why are you smiling at the fish?
Oh. sorry! I'm fine!
From self-scoring. I know that
I just barely passed the written exam.
But that was cancelled out
by the big fat zero in the practical exam.
And ever since the entrance exam.
I hadn't been able to contact All Might.
The results should arrive
today or tomorrow. right?
Yeah…
Jeez. I think it's amazing
that you even applied to U.A.!
Yeah…
NEIGHBORHOOD CIRCULAR
I didn't even tell my mother
about what had happened with All Might.
I kept that secret so he could continue
being the Symbol of Peace.
There was no way I could tell anyone.
not even my family.
All Might! After you saw potential in me.
I'm sorry I didn't live up to it!
But I did what I thought was right.
All Might. you…
Izuku!
It's here! It came!
It's here!
I am here as a projection!
All Might?
Wait. this is from U.A.. right?
What?
I had to do some paperwork that took
some time. so I couldn't contact you.
I'm sorry.
Actually. I came to this town
to work at U.A.
All Might is working at U.A.?
Hm? What is it?
Wrap it up?
But there is something
I must talk to him about…
It's going to push everything else back?
All right. Okay.
Even if you passed the written exam.
you got zero points on the practical exam.
Of course. that means you didn't pass…
I knew that.
I knew that. but…
It's so frustrating…
…if that was all there was to it.
I am an entertainer. as well!
First. take a look at this video!
Excuse me. um…
The nice person?
She came to negotiate
directly in person after the exam!
Negotiate what?
Keep watching to find out!
Um. the person
with curly hair and freckles…
Do you know who I'm talking about?
Um… kind of plain-looking…
It's me!
Is it possible for me to give him
some of my points?
I heard him say.
"If I can just get one point."
so I thought maybe
he was still at zero points…
What the hell can you do?
At least the points he lost
because of me…
There was absolutely no reason
for you to put yourself in danger!
He saved me!
Please! Please!
In addition to now having a Quirk.
your actions spurred others to act.
The entrance exam the other day
was not graded only on villain points!
Even if you ask to.
you cannot give him your points.
Anyway. there's no reason
to give him any. female listener!
How can a hero course reject people
who save others and do the right thing?
Call that lip service?
Bring it on!
This is a job
that requires risking one's life
to put that lip service into practice!
Rescue points!
And they're given by a panel of judges.
It's the other basic ability
we at U.A. look at!
Izuku Midoriya. 60 points!
And Ochaco Uraraka. 45 points!
You both pass.
This is too crazy…
Come. Young Midoriya.
This is your hero academia!
Yes. sir!
After receiving a lot of help.
my life changed
and will continue to change.
And now. my dream high school life
is about to begin!
Izuku…
FOOD MENU
NEXT TIME
Welcome. Young Midoriya!
This is U.A. High.
your hero academia!
All Might. I'll do my best
on the Quirk assessment test
on the first day!
Your homeroom teacher. Aizawa.
shows no mercy
and expels people if they do badly.
-So be careful!
-What?
Next time. "What I Can Do for Now"!
Oh no. Young Midoriya's index finger is…
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
NEXT TIME:
WHAT I CAN DO FOR NOW